Adding Heterogeneous Clusters example for TensorFlow and PyTorch (#3599)
aws/amazon-sagemaker-examples: training/heterogeneous-clusters/pt.grpc.sagemaker/README.md

> # SageMaker heterogeneous Training ("Hetero") - Pytorch example (MNIST Dataset)

Reviewer: Copy content to an index.rst and link to your index.rst page in the upstream folder.

> This example demonstrates a more general way of offloading pre-processing to auxiliary devices using gRPC, the same protocol underlying the TensorFlow data service. We use here pytorch 1.11 framework. The job is submitted to SageMaker using Hetero feature that allows you to run one training job that includes instances of different types (for example a GPU instance like ml.p3.2xlarge and a CPU instance like c5.9xlarge). The primary use case here is offloading CPU intensive tasks like image pre-processing (data augmentation) from the GPU instance to a dedicate CPU instance, so you can fully utilize the exensive GPU, and arrive at an improved time and cost to train.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates a more general way of offloading pre-processing to auxiliary devices using gRPC, the same protocol underlying the TensorFlow data service. We use here the PyTorch 1.11 framework. The job is submitted to SageMaker using the Heterogenous training feature that allows you to run one training job that includes instances of different types (for example a GPU instance like ml.p3.2xlarge and a CPU instance like c5.9xlarge). The primary use case here is offloading CPU intensive tasks like image pre-processing (data augmentation) from the GPU instance to a dedicate CPU instance, so you can fully utilize the more expensive GPU, and arrive at an improved time and cost to train.
```

 

## Instructions

> Follow steps in [notebook](./hetero-pytorch-mnist.ipynb)

Reviewer: For accessibility...
```suggestion
Follow steps in the [heterogenous training with PyTorch notebook](./hetero-pytorch-mnist.ipynb)
```
